I all times more often ride in Russia
in two weeks
Immediately two weeks Moscow and then Moscow
stand and rust
but
great you spilled must
muzalevsky million
and have you been driving for a long time
autumn
dog 6 family eat
i show all again
I'll tell you
mother is also a big mature vacation
how old is 11 my son is 16
years here are three days ago too
now we have a titanic deck
we should discount bizim will not
she will appear in Italy
we in Italy will study there
work with you county and you
schengen zone yes there without a fountain of
nothing
because I don't understand him here either
more quiet you are your teeth
we met hate
and the wife is also gives the wine works
the situation is not the same as will
to tell
for a week and god work me
come with me understandably she lets go
you got used to understand what kind of cargo
basically you drive everything
all that 's what you want, thanks
products are different in the course of housing happens already
everything will be clear
1 cookie called canopy
happy with my work
buy eat
any way not undiscovered
but which city do you live for ?
tired of undergrowth
tens
close were just not
where
and the decay is understandable life can teach
be someone you were Russian
it makes no difference because we are gods
pebbles
maybe we are a parent to trade you
remember yes and the Russian language and schools and
back
Personally, how old are you to say?
cross 3333
will be instead of dorado in Russian excellent
well done words i want to tell myself
thank you very much thank you
it was nice to meet such responsive
people i'm fine too guild meeting
thank you thank you very much